S1 (Positive): it 's a charming and often affecting journey . 
S2 (Positive): allows us to hope that nolan is poised to embark a major career as a commercial yet inventive filmmaker . 
S3 (Positive): the acting , costumes , music , cinematography and sound are all astounding given the production 's austere locales . 
S4 (Positive): although laced with humor and a few fanciful touches , the film is a refreshingly serious look at young women . 
S5 (Positive): you do n't have to know about music to appreciate the film 's easygoing blend of comedy and romance . 
S6 (Positive): the mesmerizing performances of the leads keep the film grounded and keep the audience riveted . 
S7 (Positive): we root for ( clara and paul ) , even like them , though perhaps it 's an emotion closer to pity . 
S8 (Positive): a gorgeous , high-spirited musical from india that exquisitely blends music , dance , song , and high drama . 
S9 (Positive): the emotions are raw and will strike a nerve with anyone who 's ever had family trauma . 
S10 (Positive): audrey tatou has a knack for picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm , and in this literate french comedy , she 's as morning-glory exuberant as she was in amélie . 
S11 (Positive): a delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises , read my lips is an original . 
S12 (Positive): seldom has a movie so closely matched the spirit of a man and his work . 
S13 (Positive): it 's an offbeat treat that pokes fun at the democratic exercise while also examining its significance for those who take part . 
S14 (Positive): thanks to scott 's charismatic roger and eisenberg 's sweet nephew , roger dodger is one of the most compelling variations on in the company of men . 
S15 (Positive): a gorgeous , witty , seductive movie . 
S16 (Positive): the weight of the piece , the unerring professionalism of the chilly production , and the fascination embedded in the lurid topic prove recommendation enough . 
S17 (Positive): as surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph , as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming . 
S18 (Positive): escaping the studio , piccoli is warmly affecting and so is this adroitly minimalist movie . 
S19 (Positive): there 's ... tremendous energy from the cast , a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate . 
S20 (Positive): this illuminating documentary transcends our preconceived vision of the holy land and its inhabitants , revealing the human complexities beneath . 
S21 (Positive): the subtle strength of `` elling '' is that it never loses touch with the reality of the grim situation . 
S22 (Positive): holm ... embodies the character with an effortlessly regal charisma . 
S23 (Positive): a subtle and well-crafted ( for the most part ) chiller . 
S24 (Positive): has a lot of the virtues of eastwood at his best . 
S25 (Positive): for the most part , director anne-sophie birot 's first feature is a sensitive , extraordinarily well-acted drama . 
S26 (Negative): unflinchingly bleak and desperate 
S27 (Negative): it 's slow -- very , very slow . 
S28 (Negative): a sometimes tedious film . 
S29 (Negative): or doing last year 's taxes with your ex-wife . 
S30 (Negative): in exactly 89 minutes , most of which passed as slowly as if i 'd been sitting naked on an igloo , formula 51 sank from quirky to jerky to utter turkey . 
S31 (Negative): it takes a strange kind of laziness to waste the talents of robert forster , anne meara , eugene levy , and reginald veljohnson all in the same movie . 
S32 (Negative): ... the film suffers from a lack of humor ( something needed to balance out the violence ) ... 
S33 (Negative): even horror fans will most likely not find what they 're seeking with trouble every day ; the movie lacks both thrills and humor . 
S34 (Negative): ... the movie is just a plain old monster . 
S35 (Negative): in its best moments , resembles a bad high school production of grease , without benefit of song . 
S36 (Negative): pumpkin takes an admirable look at the hypocrisy of political correctness , but it does so with such an uneven tone that you never know when humor ends and tragedy begins . 
S37 (Negative): the iditarod lasts for days - this just felt like it did . 
S38 (Negative): holden caulfield did it better . 
S39 (Negative): nicks , seemingly uncertain what 's going to make people laugh , runs the gamut from stale parody to raunchy sex gags to formula romantic comedy . 
S40 (Negative): the action switches between past and present , but the material link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125-year divide . 
S41 (Negative): it 's a cookie-cutter movie , a cut-and-paste job . 
S42 (Negative): i had to look away - this was god awful . 
S43 (Negative): ... designed to provide a mix of smiles and tears , `` crossroads '' instead provokes a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns . 
S44 (Negative): if the movie succeeds in instilling a wary sense of ` there but for the grace of god , ' it is far too self-conscious to draw you deeply into its world . 
S45 (Negative): it does n't believe in itself , it has no sense of humor ... it 's just plain bored . 
S46 (Negative): a sequence of ridiculous shoot - 'em - up scenes . 
S47 (Negative): ( w ) hile long on amiable monkeys and worthy environmentalism , jane goodall 's wild chimpanzees is short on the thrills the oversize medium demands . 
S48 (Negative): the title not only describes its main characters , but the lazy people behind the camera as well . 
S49 (Negative): it offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment . 
S50 (Negative): a synthesis of cliches and absurdities that seems positively decadent in its cinematic flash and emptiness . 
